[Music]
[Music] Let's
see, let's watch the video. I'm
pretty screwed up now you guys are going to
be with me because but but where are
you going with this fender on your head, I mean,
how much hair no let's see what date
this is July 26th I don't know if they had already
taken the Chrome or were about to
take it from me but I remember that a
time of these grumpy bad temper went by You
know why you get in a bad mood I do
n't know why they didn't explain
why but it makes you really angry it
makes you really angry no and with the
Cristiano Ronaldo earrings not from the flea
market
after all this this channel is going to
mine I'm totally serious let's go I'm
going funny face at some point
this channel is going to lie It's that
after so many Hey this channel is going to go to
hell How how how let's
see This is good This is good is
good man you can put together
a soccer team with these people dear
Addams family okay And the thing is that you're
crazy you see them you can see their
tongues they're not normal people
Well as I was saying these are the
type of haters that take it
personally I mean
when they're making their videos
they really think with this video I'm
going to destroy the YouTube channel and I
still have them eh I still have the
haters like that and in fact they still
hate me less my Cari and come on with This
video destroyed it Olivier you are Olinier
[ __ ] they
made songs for me I don't know
why I always had a lot of oil but the thing is that
I'm normal it's that I'm an
unbearable person I'm not a nice guy
and they really think that with their
videos they can affect me but not
psychologically but to affect me in the
sense that by making those
videos of 40 or 50 views they're going to
destroy my channel and my channel is going to fall
and it makes me very sad for these people it makes
me very sad so much that I'm going to
give you the repercussion today you can go to
bed more comfortably
with your nonsense you go to the Plaza
España I mean it's so big and so
beautiful He was attacking me eh the charisma
me he made videos with me and  so I
answered him Well here this man
starts telling me that I'm very high
no that I'm on cloud nine that I think I am
quite high I don't know if you're referring to
my physique or How the channel is going if you're
referring to my physique you just have to see me
okay It's not that he believed it and that
I'm high because it's not that I have to
believe it because on top of that it's that yes it's that on
top of that I've always told the truth eh
Look at my face Look at my smile Look at my
hair and tell me if it's not normal that
I have it high the truth is how things are it's that
with any piece of
clothing I wear I'm doing him a favor
any shirt any hat everything
is crazy to be put on my body the one you're
not going to have it high is you
with that cap What are you doing What's wrong with you with
that cap because you only put it on the
tip of your head as if you were a
monk lower it more What's wrong that it doesn't
fit you with that almond head And where are you
going with that shirt it looks like the cover
of GTA Vice City well no it's not that I
have it high my feet are
perfectly fine  What are my
limitations
the one I gave to the Caribbean is that with good he
went to get into me that I was going for the march I mean I remember I remember let's
go with
this time I remember that he talked to me
a lot with the snauzer and he told me yesterday eh
[ __ ] but yes it is true that Hey
the channel is working quite
well for me and if I say it and it hurts you I'm sorry
friends reflect and think Where does it
come from okay you come to imitate
auronplay to make an [ __ ] you are
nothing Look look there you reminded me
of imitating auronplay eh And to be an [ __ ]
who was completely right about that the
charisma of course I'm going to put you in context
in case any of you don't remember because they are
older than go ahead And the thing is that
this gentleman just told me about
you copy auronplay is the typical
phrase that the rat kids used
a couple of years ago to attack or
discredit all the
critical youtubers who recorded themselves commenting on
video clips and stuff You're right what he
says pathetic guy because  that
a little kid does it but you doing it
with 40 crazy tacos the truth is that
your role on YouTube looks very embarrassing
friends because it is also very
noticeable that you are uncomfortable with
the camera that you have no ease none of you
look like a [ __ ] muppet with the stick
put it like this eh Hello Today I come to
criticize Javier Oliveira Hahaha the
laughter
and it doesn't suit you man the truth is that you are not
funny in front of the camera and the truth is that it is
better that you look for another Hobby
well other dreams No if you want to be a
youtuber, I that this big
brother presents something like that Ah No, you have already done it
completely, you are on top of it He has
the balls to tell me that I copy from
auronplay But look at his greeting What a
family I hope it's [ __ ] great
but that that that here the charismatic one because he
recorded in the doctor's waiting room I
mean this is a doctor's waiting room I
don't think it's very obvious that yes
because he is recording
a doctor's waiting room look look at Cari eh he seems
smaller here eh He doesn't even have your  penis or
anything eh I don't know I don't know why he greeted like that
Kalimán he was going to break his neck
What a family How are you I hope it's
[ __ ] great okay
Hahaha let's remember that he has
basically grown because of his humor because he is a
genius of humor okay like Santiago
Segura man well the truth is that the
example you have given me Uf the truth is I do
n't like Santiago
Segura's humor okay eh he scored a
torrent goal Oh pure tits and ass I fart I burp I
have nothing against
Santiago Segura but the truth is that I
find his humor quite pathetic I like
other styles better but it's really
funny that he belittles my humor and that you
say that I'm not good when you have
this in another video I have a youtuber
okay
thumbnails with people calling him
scammers he
was terrible at making videos there
defending himself eh okay Now it turns out that
the kid Doesn't like my content okay
And it doesn't seem illegal to him that I
grew up uploading those things to start with
friends I'm going to tell you I have never
accused anyone of a crime like you're
saying there in your video what a pain
eh wow  I was spending a lot of money eh I want
proof where it says Look you're a thief you
're worse you are such and such okay I want
proof something else I had said it is
said it is
rumor as such I have never done it You
're a liar But anyway since
my content doesn't seem illegal to you and since I've
grown I have taken the liberty of
taking a look at your channel the good
service before making a video I
inform myself quite well I'm going to go through
this side of his videos and in this other one
the videos that I think are
inspired reset you are the worst Paco Sanz the
devil breaks cakes the blue whale
the [ __ ] game wismichu I really
like it son you even put the same
thumbnail [ __ ] wismichu to his humor of
animal abuse hypocrite and he took it and
put wismichu I really like your
dark humor checkbook Thunder with me to
the charisma eh melos did cries and Dalas
messes things up again he saw rape on Big
Brother [ __ ] you took my thumbnail
eh I mean you literally zoomed in on
the thumbnail to  steal it from me [ __ ] with the
thumbnail You're super original dude and with
my title live to Javi Oliveira
Well I'm going to take a little break
from his incredible content the kid
is the pop he says the following in this
video giving his opinion on my debate with
Dallas Sevilla don't go spitting
well I'm going to hit the fool from all sides
and once again he has left you
humiliated and here he was right the charisma
eh that he has in that debate he's
talking about how pathetic I have it here I have
seen the video but now man this will
take a long time For that I'm going to Netflix for
a movie touch your balls I'm going to
make a video giving my opinion on a debate
but I haven't seen it I haven't seen it
because the [ __ ] it lasts an hour For that I'm
going to watch a movie on Netflix pathetic pathetic we can
see that
this guy's opinions and criticisms are quite
well founded no it was worth it And
by the way since you get so involved and say
that I do very badly in debates I would
like to see you debating because
if they already do it the videos are worth it
I don't want to imagine  direct Hey
please can you tell me what you're going through
to say that Dallas has humiliated me if I
base it on nothing because I haven't seen it
For that I watch a Netflix movie
Hahaha you
idiot It's that
I'm very aggressive it's to
report me, that is, that Javier and beida that
's Javier ibeida it's a lot of cloth eh
You have to be the bastard of charisma There he goes taking out
videos in the wake of everything that
I was taking out eh Javier oliveira
wismichu doesn't want to be your friend Nilo
Ojeda they bury themselves on the beach I
love your miniature raimito you
screwed up Hans to all my support You see, suck what they have taken
out your support Mr. big bomb
save and a lot of anxiety the balls Bye
bye Rubius Javi oliveira against Dallas
part 348 momo the new viral momo and his
great friend ninchiboy which we already know
is a video that I commented on the second
video I made of Momo and Javier oliveira
come down from the cloud and reflect basically
you mess with my content and with my way
of growing when the  yours your channel is
practically based on mine, I mean you're
practically going to rely on me to release the
same videos that I release or to
answer my videos as if my
videos were directed at you you clown what's
bad about this the bad thing about this
is that I grew up with that because of the
way I comment people find me
funny and you don't even get 100
views dude having had your channel for two years
It's that I've really repeated this
on numerous occasions it really pisses me
off when people say clearly
written your videos have views Because you
talk about this topic because you talk about the
other topic When I know dozens of
channels trying to do the same thing I
do and they don't eat a [ __ ] [ __ ]
to get him to give an interview my area of
the interview and he starts to become known
in his house at least they knew him in
his house crawl for months because
wismichu gave him an interview no of the
interview they don't give me the interview
wismichu no I don't give it to you because you're a
great youtuber Okay then I'll make 10 videos of
you talking about how you're bad that you're a
bully who treats fans badly etcetera
etcetera like that  it's not like this guy
uploaded okay hey calm down man okay
here he's simply accusing me of
the nonsense that wismocho said on Twitter
to justify that I criticize him that I
don't criticize him because he's an idiot because
I criticize him because he didn't give me an
interview no that I was sucking his
dick since he didn't give me the interview
then I started to criticize him I've
been investigating your channel and your
Twitter and it turns out that I found
some tweets all my support to your friend
Javi Oliveira a fierce hug nothing can
help with having two fingers in front you can
see what the two transmit all my
support to my area and to Javier Oliveira man you
are a machine bringing out the truths a
fierce hug crack you know if you have
time and you pass of luxury let's see if
someday we do something together Hahaha I
like your thing hugs
2017 man This video today smells
yellow the truth I don't think it's in
yellow in fact the 2017 video is this
man that I'm releasing there we're
talking about five years well maybe it's
you who has been eating me and  how have I
not noticed you and I have broken your
heart you have dedicated your channel to
criticizing me don't take off your little mouth a little bit it is
missing yes it has a little bit of
my email
[Laughs] what a thug
son of a [ __ ] minute
thug Ugh what a beast man what a little mouth
what a little mouth no no but it's that I
even have another accent I mean I
speak differently and everything because of course there it is
there already well around there we are
talking 2017/2018 I think that already autonomous I think I
started like at the beginning of 2018
you are seeing that I do advertising or rather I do
so that I have been here for a while eh I was
literally totally chai I mean
literally Yes I am a chai chai chai I don't
know how they don't hit each other eh or anything like that
Eh well yes I know why they haven't hit me yes I
know why I was going to say I don't know how they haven't
hit me but yes yes yes because they haven't hit me
[Music]